# final-project
Final Project for Drawing on the Web [Spring 2019]


Outline
-----------------------

The web allows for a whole new way of exploring physical space. Visualizing and experiencing structural forms through a website has the possibility of being an immersive, spatial experience. In my Modern Architecture class this semester, we studied Kazimir Malevich, a Russian avant-garde artist who created “2d sculptures.” My drawings are inspired by both his signature style and the idea of a 2d sculpture. I have formed 3 separate drawings that when initially loaded, appear to only be 2-d drawings in the style of Kazimir Malevich. However, as the user explores the pages through clicking, dragging and moving their mouse, they will find that the drawings are interactive – they may move or reveal themselves to be dimensional. Further inspired by my architecture class, only this time by ideas of urban planning, each drawing represents a different area of living: the city, the suburbs and the culture. Each drawing is abstract in its representation, with the physical space manifested through geometric forms alone, and the inhabitants hinted at through a population ticker showing the growing population. Though they are my abstract interpretations of each idea, I tried to capture the spirit of each area. The suburbs are regimented, evenly growing in population, while the city has unique forms, shifting and growing rapidly. The country, called “The Outside” in my drawing is, calmer than the other drawing. Here, the focus is on the sky and the population grows slowly. Beyond Kazimir Malevich, my work is inspired by Luis Barragan and Theo Van Doesburg. Check out the navigation page for my drawing [here](http://i6.cims.nyu.edu/~eap465/380/final_project/index.html).
